Split `spec/registry.md` into multiple files under `spec/functions/` (#974)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/functions/datetime.md

## Date and Time Value Formatting

This subsection describes the functions and options for date/time formatting.
Selection based on date and time values is not required in this release.

> [!NOTE]

> > Selection based on date/time types is not required by MF2.
> > Implementations should use care when defining selectors based on date/time types.

Reviewer: This uses a normative word ("should") as if it were not normative... in a non-normative note and dances around the word "required". I'd suggest instead:

```suggestion
> This version of MF2 does not define selection on date/time types.
> Use care if trying to provide implementation-specific support for this feature.
```
